in israel against terrorism will
keep track of israeli
the police turns out not only
stand guard over the order but personally
engaged in scientific research in
security interests and already
committed in this difficult matter
a real revolution worth at least
strict rule to try and
non-lethal weapons on themselves and exhibitions
police achievements
farm advertisements
this exhibition is technological
new products developed
Israeli police specifically for
few people in the israeli police
the system of the Ministry of Internal
safety there is a special scientific protein
in fact it is a whole institution she
percent but we are closely following
all technical advances in
security areas we have
our own design
science department
but we also use western
technology it was no easy task
select the best in the world to edit
it under the requirements of the police back up
their demands for the police
today the same as yesterday effective
counter terrorism counter
mass protests
and preferably full control over
a situation
Israeli high tech security area
new cctv system
now the camera can automatically
scan and most importantly
analyze everything and everything for example
license plates right there
computer checks from the police base
data
in case the car is listed in stealing to
For example, the program signals
hazards on the same principle debugged
people recognition system
electronics today is capable of itself without
human participation in seconds
determine where the enemies and where their night
Israeli police are already ready to invest
biometric novelty is when
security camera detects
criminals in the outer physical
face characteristics can not hide
homeland now recognizes its heroes
gait will
she is a real revolution shown in
short documentary
movie here in this
you can see that you are electronics
learned to see through the purchase
passengers she was walking something resembling
death belt the passenger will be
arrested
a list of foreign developments is given
american ghost gun this
remote stun
weapons lightly pulling the trigger
police lieutenant colonel igor
Bohr
turning potential
adversary in the electrical network
all so-called
non-lethal weapons sometimes say
humane his humanism corrected age
police security officers at the beginning
must check for yourself
it is important for us that their row of Abisheva do it
shoots reported by a policeman
felt
the third day after that already
policeman according to
it is a duty
and this is who disagrees the company gets it
already
Police Achievement Exhibition
farms are at least partly a chance to see
tomorrow judging by the newest
developments of the Israeli police
Tomorrow communication of the capital will be reduced
to the minimum but if you tomorrow
no tricycle
car loan arrange it know
our people
market decline one stream Michael Schwartz
especially for UAH kg Israel